Add recommendations for distortion correction (#896)
ME-ICA/tedana: docs/faq.rst

Multiband fMRI leads to collecting multiple slices within a volume  simultaneously, while multi-echo
fMRI is instead related to collecting multiple unique volumes.
These techniques can be combined to reduce the TR in a multi-echo sequence.

********************************************************************************
[ME-fMRI] How do field maps and distortion correction work with multi-echo fMRI?
********************************************************************************

There are many different approaches to susceptibility distortion correction out there- far too many to discuss here.
However, the good news is that distortion does not typically change across echoes in multi-echo fMRI.

> In most cases, the ``EffectiveEchoSpacing`` is the same across echoes,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In most cases, the readout acquisition type and total readout time are the same for each echo,
```
"Echo spacing" is really confusing in this context because the space between each echo in a multi-echo sequence is also called the echo spacing. The real thing is that the readout is identical for all echoes (not just one parameter in the readout).

so distortion will remain relatively constant, even as dropout increases with echo time.

What this means is that, in the vast majority of multi-echo datasets,
standard distortion correction methods will work, and should be applied in the same manner on all echoes.
For example, if you acquire a blip-up/blip-down set of images for all of your echo times,
you should use the first echo time's images to generate the undistortion transform,
as long as that first echo has sufficient gray/white constrast to be useful for alignment
(in which case, use the earliest echo that does have good contrast).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One potential issue is that the nonlinear spatial transforms that are part of distortion correction methods have the potential to skew the relationship between echoes. Specific examples of nonlinear alignments causing problems have not yet been observed.
```

Author: Does this apply when the same transform is applied to all echoes? It seems like this is the problem we're circumventing via our recommendation.

Reviewer: I saw this issue on a dataset a while back that had non-trivial intensity inhomogeneity from the surface to the center of the brain. Even though interpolation is calculated using the same voxels in all echoes, the interpolation affected each echo a bit differently and messed up the relationship between the echoes. I really don't know how systematic or serious this issue is, but I've generally been cautious on using aggressive non-linear interpolations before combining echoes.

Reviewer 2: I feel like this has to be rare, though that observation does worry me. The main issue I see with stating something like it is preferable to avoid non-linear alignment is that this is in direct contrast with the default settings in AFNI, for example. 

That said, I think the suggestion is good, because it will keep people on their toes. It does make me think it might be an issue that needs to be raised with AFNI in regards to what data goes into tedana (though its possible I missed some of the flexibility there).

For context, please see

> `this NeuroStars thread <https://neurostars.org/t/multi-echo-pepolar-fieldmaps-bids-spec-sdcflows-grayzone/23933/5>`_.

Reviewer: I like the idea of starting to link to NeuroStars from our docs so that people know to go there with questions and we don't have to reword entire discussions with examples in the docs.

[ME-fMRI] How do field maps and distortion correction work with multi-echo fMRI?
********************************************************************************

There are many different approaches to susceptibility distortion correction out there- far too many to discuss here.
However, the good news is that distortion does not typically change across echoes in multi-echo fMRI.
In most cases, the ``EffectiveEchoSpacing`` is the same across echoes,
so distortion will remain relatively constant, even as dropout increases with echo time.

What this means is that, in the vast majority of multi-echo datasets,
standard distortion correction methods will work, and should be applied in the same manner on all echoes.
For example, if you acquire a blip-up/blip-down set of images for all of your echo times,
you should use the first echo time's images to generate the undistortion transform,
as long as that first echo has sufficient gray/white constrast to be useful for alignment
(in which case, use the earliest echo that does have good contrast).

One edge case that will become more common over time is ultra-high resolution multi-echo fMRI.

> In ultra-high resolution data (voxels <1 mm3), minute differences in distortion can become meaningful.

Reviewer 2: Honestly I'm not even sure it bears mentioning. I think even with ultra-high res fMRI the B0 distortions would be the same, there may just be other effects kind of look like distortion that vary from echo to echo. But maybe I am wrong. I think <1mm is fine. It'll be a while before folks are regularly hitting that without a lot of effort (for multiecho).

> In ultra-high resolution data (voxels <1 mm3), minute differences in distortion can become meaningful.

Author: Oh, okay. I think I misunderstood what you were saying in the thread. Do you know what these other effects might be?

> In ultra-high resolution data (voxels <1 mm3), minute differences in distortion can become meaningful.

Author: I'll probably make the text a little vaguer anyway.

> In ultra-high resolution data (voxels <1 mm3), minute differences in distortion can become meaningful.

Reviewer 2: https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.11.25.470023v3.full#F10 is an example of it - basically, over echoes, there is a blood flow artifact that moves around (as in the blood signal shifts over TE), but usually we wouldn't see this i typical fMRI for various reasons. I just didn't want to go on the record saying that there was no effect when I knew there was at least a possibility of a small effect. I've looked for it in a few different datasets and never seen it, but usually blood isn't super visible anyway, so all these words just to say, mostly that

I don't think people need to worry about it. Maybe even ever. But as my MRI knowledge is incomplete, I thought it worth hedging a bit, in case someone digs up some effect sometime. With that comment in there, at least people could in theory be on the look out for edge cases, which is good.

> In ultra-high resolution data (voxels <1 mm3), minute differences in distortion can become meaningful.

Author: Ah, that's good to know. I've removed the mentions of ultra-high resolution data for now. We can add more detailed info in the future.
